SelectBox - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#9074)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/SelectBox/00 Getting Started with SelectBox/20 Handle the Value Change Event.md

> Use [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#onValueChanged) to specify a function that the component executes when users change the SelectBox value. This example implements the [notify](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifymessage_type_displayTime) utility method within this function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#onValueChanged) to specify a function that the component executes when users change the SelectBox value. The following example calls the [notify](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/ui/#notifymessage_type_displayTime) utility method within this function:
```
